# Star wars app
This is a simple app that uses the [Star Wars API](https://swapi.dev/) to display information about the Star Wars universe.

## Features
- Display a list of all the characters. :heavy_check_mark:
- Display all the information about a character. :heavy_check_mark:
- Pagination.
- Report a character. :heavy_check_mark:
- Menu for enabling/disabling connection. :heavy_check_mark:

## Extra features
- Add Tabs Navigation. :heavy_check_mark:
- Uses a local database to store the characters and their information. :heavy_check_mark:
- Images generated by Stable Diffusion AI.
- Modes: Light and Dark in Menu. :heavy_check_mark:
- The app is available in English and Spanish. :heavy_check_mark:
- Azure translation service for dynamic parts of the app. :heavy_check_mark:
- Personalized icon for the app. :heavy_check_mark:
- Personalized splash screen. :heavy_check_mark:
- Favorites: You can add a character to your favorites and see them in the favorites section. :heavy_check_mark:
- Search: You can search for a character by name. :heavy_check_mark:
- Webview for see the more information of the character. :heavy_check_mark:
- UnReport a character(local). :heavy_check_mark:

## Extra documentation
The PDF file with the extra documentation is in the documentation folder of the repository, the name is: "Challenge Flutter.pdf"

## Commands
- flutter pub get - Get the dependencies.
- flutter emulators - List all available emulators.
- flutter run -d <device> - Run the app in the specified device.
